Fix compilation error and typos (#230)
rust-unofficial/too-many-lists: src/second-into-iter.md

We actually already have all the tools to implement
IntoIter using List's interface: just call `pop` over and over. As such, we'll

> just implement IntoIter as a new type wrapper around List:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
just implement IntoIter as a newtype wrapper around List:
```

This one is a Term Of Art, not a typo

Author: Oh cool! Searching for it yielded only `new type` but I probably should have tried quoting it! I'll remove this from the commit.

Reviewer: https://rust-unofficial.github.io/patterns/patterns/behavioural/newtype.html
